
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
it gave me a new way to look up changes made rather than going line by line like
I use to.

file changes can be hard to track
but both linux and windows provide ways to view changes:
 windows : fc games_old.js games_new.js
 linux   : diff -u games_old.js games_new.js

both produce changes made to relevant files

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    it was easy to sport typos and changes made

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    it could increase the pace at which I debug my code

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    manually choosen commits are based logical changes and with them are messages
    explaining what the change achieved or solved as opposed google docs that 
    make little to no-sense to me.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It makes more sense to code since most code is related and changes in one part 
    affects the other so tracking them separately will just cramp one's history log
    with changes that do not make sense on their own.
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log - shows a list of commits made
    git diff commitIdOld commitIdNew - shows a list of changes made b2n the 2 commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control reverts changes made through git checkout 
    which reberates me from the fear of identifing changes I make at a later time ie
    when bugs crop up. 
    Exploration and risk taking making me a good programmer.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    version control for all my projects since it covers promblems that I have been that
    I have been encountering. Like wasting the hour in each try to trace changes made on a previous day
    Thanks for opening my eyes.